Remove article "Service worker improvements" (#3630)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools/progressive-web-apps/index.md

Author: which demo page to use, to replace use of Airhorner.com?
@captainbrosset

Author: ans: https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/pwamp/

Author: in this PR, continue using Airhorner.
create subseq. PR using PWAmp.

* [Improve user experiences with a Web App Manifest](/web/fundamentals/web-app-manifest)
* [Using App Install Banners](/web/fundamentals/app-install-banners)  -->

<!--TODO: link to sections when available -->

To inspect a manifest:

> 1. Set up the manifest.

Reviewer: What's the goal of this step? Step 2 informs users to go to a page that already uses a manifest. So there's no need to set up a manifest first.
In any case, this page is about debugging PWAs, so we should assume that the user has a PWA that they want to debug, hence they already have a manifest.

* **Screenshot #1**
* **Screenshot #2**

> * To look at the manifest source, click the link below the **App Manifest** label.  In the previous figure, that link is `manifest.json`, which opens `https://airhorner.com/manifest.json`<!-- todo: PWAmp -->, for [Airhorner.com](https://airhorner.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To view the manifest source file, click the link below the **App Manifest** label.  In the previous figure, that link is `manifest.json`, which opens `https://airhorner.com/manifest.json`<!-- todo: PWAmp -->, for [Airhorner.com](https://airhorner.com).
```

<!--The **Add to Homescreen** feature cannot yet simulate the workflow for mobile devices.  Notice how the "add to shelf" prompt was triggered in the screenshot above, even though DevTools is in Device Mode (Device Emulation).  However, if you can successfully add your app to your desktop shelf, then it works for mobile, too.  -->

<!-- TODO: rework content after sample app is created -->

<!--If you want to test out the genuine mobile experience, you can connect a real mobile device to DevTools via [remote debugging](/debug/remote-debugging/remote-debugging), and then click the **Add to Homescreen** button (on DevTools) to trigger the "add to homescreen" prompt on the connected mobile device.  -->

<!--TODO: link to "remote debugging" sections when available -->

<!--
#### View and check maskable icons -->
<!-- https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/progressive-web-apps/#icons -->

> <!-- todo -->

Author: AB#57905679

* The **Status** line tells you the status of the service worker.  The ID number next to the green status indicator (`#36` in the previous figure) is for the currently active service worker.

  Next to the status:
  * If the service worker is stopped, a **start** button is displayed.
  * If the service worker is running, a **stop** button is displayed.

  Service workers are designed to be stopped and started by the browser at any time.  Explicitly stopping your service worker using the **stop** button may simulate that.

  Stopping your service worker is a great way to test how your code behaves when the service worker starts back up again.  It frequently reveals bugs due to faulty assumptions about persistent global state.

* The **Clients** line tells you the origin that the service worker is scoped to.  The **focus** button is mostly useful when you've enabled the **show all** checkbox.  When that checkbox is enabled, all registered service workers are listed.  If you click the **focus** button next to a service worker that is running in a different tab, Microsoft Edge focuses on that tab.

> * The **Update Cycle** section<!-- table --> reflects the update lifecycle of the service worker.  This timeline displays the installation and activation events.  Each of the events have a corresponding dropdown arrow to give you more details.

Author: use downstream or subsequent upstream version of list item?
@captainbrosset
